Deliverables/Design.md, before:

# D5. - Design

Group 08 - PlayersForge\
Group Members: Kylie Cook, Fernando Diaz, David Hermann, Jared McNeece, Conrad Murphy, Noah Olono

## 1. Description

PlayersForge is a website with a dedicated, free to join community for uploading and downloading mods. Users can access the PlayersForge website on their web browser and sign up 
to become apart of the modding community; gaining access to mods such as skins, maps, etc. Each of the mods are categorized and sorted by the game they are for and the type of mod. 

The PlayersForge website is currently still in early development, with multiple features to be implemented in the near future (community forum, dedicated mod pages, user profiles).
The website provides a sleak and simple design, allowing for users to easily navigate and locate their desired mods. The homepage currently features the most popular/most downloaded mods

Project repo: [https://github.com/KylieNCook/players-forge](https://github.com/KylieNCook/players-forge)

Trello: [https://trello.com/cs3864](https://trello.com/cs3864)

## 2. Architecture

We designed out system architecture to have four layers: psql & flask, models & forms, app, and serve. Psql & flask consists of packages downloaded for the website to work, configuration, a flask environment file for easy refresh changes, and sqlalchemy to connect with out database models. Then, modles & forms consist of all of our database models and forms, for example: Users database model and RegisterUsers form. Then, the app layers consists of routes for the website, templates (html) and static files (css, images, etc.). Lastly, there is the serve file, which is the system of connecting our github website folder to aws in order to serve the website.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/78190024/112666147-186c2800-8e19-11eb-8d55-531e24bb5cd7.png)

## 3. Class Diagram

## 4. Sequence Diagram

## 5. Design Patterns

## 6. Design Principles

Commit message:

Add Sequence Diagram & Use Case Description
Sequence diagram/use case is for logging in.

Deliverables/Design.md, after:

# D5. - Design

Group 08 - PlayersForge\
Group Members: Kylie Cook, Fernando Diaz, David Hermann, Jared McNeece, Conrad Murphy, Noah Olono

## 1. Description

PlayersForge is a website with a dedicated, free to join community for uploading and downloading mods. Users can access the PlayersForge website on their web browser and sign up 
to become apart of the modding community; gaining access to mods such as skins, maps, etc. Each of the mods are categorized and sorted by the game they are for and the type of mod. 

The PlayersForge website is currently still in early development, with multiple features to be implemented in the near future (community forum, dedicated mod pages, user profiles).
The website provides a sleak and simple design, allowing for users to easily navigate and locate their desired mods. The homepage currently features the most popular/most downloaded mods

Project Repository: [https://github.com/KylieNCook/players-forge](https://github.com/KylieNCook/players-forge)

Trello: [https://trello.com/cs3864](https://trello.com/cs3864)

## 2. Architecture

We designed out system architecture to have four layers: psql & flask, models & forms, app, and serve. Psql & flask consists of packages downloaded for the website to work, configuration, a flask environment file for easy refresh changes, and sqlalchemy to connect with out database models. Then, modles & forms consist of all of our database models and forms, for example: Users database model and RegisterUsers form. Then, the app layers consists of routes for the website, templates (html) and static files (css, images, etc.). Lastly, there is the serve file, which is the system of connecting our github website folder to aws in order to serve the website.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/78190024/112666147-186c2800-8e19-11eb-8d55-531e24bb5cd7.png)

## 3. Class Diagram

## 4. Sequence Diagram

### Use Case Description
**Use Case**: User Login
**Actor**: User
**Description**: The user logs into their account.
**Preconditions**: The user is not logged in.
**Postconditions**: The user is successfully logged in.

**Main Flow**:

1. LogInFormReader prompts the user to input their email or username and password.
2. LogInFormReader passes the information to LogInForm.
3. LogInForm verifies the information is correct.
4. LogInFormReader reads LogInForm and tells the user.
5. The user is notified they are successfully logged in.

**Alternative Flow**:
1. The user inputs incorrect information into LogInFormReader.
2. LogInFormReader passes the information to LogInForm.
3. LogInForm verifies the information is incorrect.
4. LogInForm notifies the user the information is incorrect.
5. LogInFormReader prompts the user to reenter their information.

### Sequence Diagram
![Sequence Diagram]()

## 5. Design Patterns

## 6. Design Principles
